DOCS-4189: Improve camera troubleshooting (#4479)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/reference/components/switch/_index.md

1. Check your machine logs on the **LOGS** tab to check for errors.

> 2. Review your switch model's documentation to ensure you have configured all required attributes.
> 3. Click on the **TEST** panel on the **CONFIGURE** or **CONTROL** tab and test if you can use the switch there.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Review your switch model's documentation to ensure you have configured all required attributes.
1. Click on the **TEST** panel on the **CONFIGURE** or **CONTROL** tab and test if you can use the switch there.
```
